Update: Add in a batch put custom resolver example (#4016)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/examples-and-solutions.mdx

        }
      } )
    `
    const responseVTL = `
      ## [Start] ResponseTemplate. **
      #if( $ctx.error )
        $util.error($ctx.error.message, $ctx.error.type)
      #else
        $util.toJson($ctx.result.data.<TYPE-NAME-HERE>-${apiIdRef}-${envRef})
      #end
      ## [End] ResponseTemplate. **
    `;

    const resolver = new appsync.CfnResolver(this, "custom-resolver", {
      // apiId: retVal.api.new.GraphQLAPIIdOutput,
      // https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/9391#event-5843293887
      // If you use Amplify you can access the parameter via Ref since it's a CDK parameter passed from the root stack.
      // Previously the ApiId is the variable Name which is wrong , it should be variable value as below
      apiId: cdk.Fn.ref(retVal.api.replaceWithAPIName.GraphQLAPIIdOutput),
      fieldName: "querySomething", 
      typeName: "Query", // Query | Mutation | Subscription
      requestMappingTemplate: requestVTL,
      responseMappingTemplate: responseVTL,
      dataSourceName: "TodoTable" // DataSource name
    })
  }
}
```

By using CloudFormation parameters, you contextualize your custom resolvers to the environment you're working with.

> 3. The full documentation for custom resolvers [is available here](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic/#vtl-resolver)

Author: Done!

    }
  }
}
```

## Advanced

### Batch Put Custom Resolver

Sometimes you need to create objects in bulk, rather than creating individual objects sequentially and waiting for all the requests to complete.

> 1. Define your schema with a custom mutation (the custom mutation should not be deployed to AppSync beforehand if following these steps, the CLI will attach its own resolver preventing you from attaching a custom resource this way)

Reviewer: The part in parentheses can be its own sentence.

```graphql

> type Todo @model @auth(rules: [{allow: private, provider: iam}]) {

Reviewer: Is the `@auth` part necessary for the example? If not, I'd drop it to keep things focused.

Author: Just wanted something that would cause the migration to fail, I can pick a simpler case

Author: I take that back, I was thinking of a different PR and forgot where I was

    }
  }
}
```

## Advanced

### Batch Put Custom Resolver

Sometimes you need to create objects in bulk, rather than creating individual objects sequentially and waiting for all the requests to complete.

1. Define your schema with a custom mutation. The custom mutation should not be deployed to AppSync beforehand if following these steps, the CLI will attach its own resolver preventing you from attaching a custom resource this way.
```graphql
type Todo @model {
  id: ID!
  name: String!
  description: String
}

type Mutation {
  batchCreateTodo(todos: [BatchCreateTodo]): [Todo]
}

input BatchCreateTodo {
  id: ID
  name: String!
  description: String
}
```

> 2. [Create a custom resource for your resolver](/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic/#vtl-resolver) and use the following code snippets as a guide to get started

Reviewer 2: For this example, I'd recommend to just add the steps in here inline and then link out to the details a sub point.

this will also allow you to collapse steps 3 - 6 into one code block where you can highlight the specific areas of attention with comments.

    }
  }
}
```

## Advanced

### Batch Put Custom Resolver

> Sometimes it's preferred to create objects in bulk, rather than subsequently creating individual objects and waiting for all the requests to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to create objects in bulk, rather than creating individual objects sequentially and waiting for all the requests to complete.
```

> 1. Define your schema with a custom mutation (the custom mutation should not be deployed to AppSync beforehand if following these steps)

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this part: "(the custom mutation should not be deployed to AppSync beforehand if following these steps)"

```graphql
type Todo @model @auth(rules: [{allow: private, provider: iam}]) {
  id: ID!
  name: String!
  description: String
}

type Mutation {
  batchCreateTodo(todos: [BatchCreateTodo]): [Todo]
}

input BatchCreateTodo {
  id: ID
  name: String!
  description: String
}
```

> 2. Before pushing the new custom mutation, [create a custom resource for your resolver](/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic/#vtl-resolver) and use the following code snippets as a guide to get started with your VTL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. [Create a custom resource for your resolver](/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic/#vtl-resolver) and use the following code snippets as a guide to get started
```

3. Use the following imports as a starting point for your custom CDK stack
```typescript
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';
import * as AmplifyHelpers from '@aws-amplify/cli-extensibility-helper';
import * as appsync from '@aws-cdk/aws-appsync';
import { AmplifyDependentResourcesAttributes } from '../../types/amplify-dependent-resources-ref';

> import { stateManager } from 'amplify-cli-core';

Reviewer 2: I don't think you're supposed to import the state manager, right? Shouldn't you use the Amplify Helpers function?

```

4. Use this snippet to get the DynamoDB table name (based on type name, API ID, and environment)
```typescript
const envName = stateManager.getCurrentEnvName();

> const apiIdValue = stateManager.getCurrentMeta().api.<API-NAME-HERE>.output.GraphQLAPIIdOutput;

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't you use the AmplifyHelpers add dependency function with the API?

> const tableName = `Todo-${apiIdValue}-${envName}`

Reviewer 2: Add a comment to say "// replace "Todo" with your model name"

Author: Fixed
